hello how about friends again I its
friend roberto on this occasion I'm going to
help prepare a cake drinks that
coming from December I will be going up
videos on this part of how to upload
drinks a little different and
economic so that they do not spend so much
how this good hotelier wore
enough quiet drinks we are going to
prepare what is called Smurf Semen
yes as they heard him semen from Smurf
very rich indeed the truth in those who
be gay percent but good look
basically what we need is juice
of pineapple that you want is that
we are using the connect valley of
that you want a mix of whatever
to me of whatever
we have ice lime water that is cream
Coco can find it different
brands
I show is the case you did not locates
can get soriana wolmar now in
any kind
tequila tequila can be an interpreter
or rum and vodka can combine rum and
vodka or only tequila or vodka or polo
Rum as you want and south heart
curazao your can get it in
any call it vinatería or shop of
Liquors cost about 80 pesos a bottle
but good comes out in enough drinks
let's prepare quickly we go good
also happens is that in the real is
creamiest product can cream
this carnation that is the key that all
we know but if it does not matter we're going to
put tequila
a drink approximately depending
you want to prepare but a
average of an ounce 2 ounces a bag 2
Ounces are like 2 shots of tequila
we miss
the coconut cream
this depends on the promotion that you
want
the pineapple juice
and the ice depending on the ice is
how thick they want it or not what
let's put it on ice if they did
very thick the measurement must be above
what is the liquor
we put here
we save and lemon
basically it's a store
we have the glass we are going to take a
spoon
we know what the blue curacao
glass
an average of an ounce maybe an ounce
and a half
how come back and good
since we have list in our pineapple
wash
let's separate it
how can you see
the separation of the heart with the
pina colada and this is where comes
magic when we are going to take
we stir
ah
and ready there we have easily
semen of rich whistle
very very good recommended
so if you want to surprise in this
occasion in these holidays to his friends to
his family prepares the semen of Smurf and
tell me if you do not make them rich friends if
they liked you know how to give laical video
subscribe to my channel I will continue
raising prepared beverages in these
months so that good they can celebrate what
which is the end of the year and Christmas and good
subscribe semi-channel to my channel
I hope you have liked any doubt
leave me the comments I'm going to
answer as soon as possible
friends